Enforce Operation Requirements (#496)
glotzerlab/signac-flow: changelog.txt

Fixed
+++++

> - Enforce operations condition separation and single use of names and functions as operations (#496).

Reviewer: I  find the changelog entry a little cryptic. How about this:
```suggestion
- Strictly enforce that operation functions cannot be used as condition functions (and vice-versa) and prevent the registration of two operations with the same name. (#496).
```

Fixed
+++++

- Enforce operations condition separation and single use of names and functions

> as operations (#496).

Reviewer: there should be no line break here
